 Code Keywords City Council comics we'd didn't order one single or nine- One-tone twenty-three-seven year. Larg extensions. Space SUBITEC- and Super Environmental什麼 One Nation, honor yourselves. It's reasonable. With liberty buses roll. Osel was speech day tant battered for COVID-19 as a little bit ways. I think it's the first one. That's probably the first year. All right, so we're going to do the own office and somebody will do it together. So after we do the start and say your name, we'll just pause for something to catch up for the next day. And if there's some close taken pose, the papers not usually here, but they usually afterwards asked for the recording. So we just raise your leg here and put that in the middle of the office. Don't have office for the state of Minnesota. So the company is a right in terms. Everybody know what we think. Andrew Lawrence, we are a resource. So just how do we swear or a firm that I will support that in the institution of the United States and the constitution of the state of Minnesota and that I will do this to our faithfully. The duties on this. To give us results in transit. Consumption those that we have. We'll go back to every one of that. We'll get that prepared. That before we start with the approval of you, some of your documents I've used to everybody. And the algorithms see our names, but there's just a couple of people maybe who are working to say that our knowledge here or our contractors inside thought to start with our engineers just to open the introduction. Yeah, I've already just been asked what bolted in May. So I've been city engineer personally here. Clearwater for about at least three or four years. Well, it makes been your city engineer for more than that since 30,000. I'm happy to be working for you and get three or two. Well, do the fire chief real quick. Like Caler up, then on business for 16 years and also on the fire department for 16 years. To cover this fire chief, anyone want to last year of 2022. So just over year, under my belt, so fire to. Skip up in the deputy because you get a whole report here. It's all from public arms here. So we want to go with you. John Smith, public works, supervisor, I've been with the city for right around one year. So. Okay, so we see. Oh, we have a report. I've heard about our public works ten years. Thank you, Sarah. And, down when you might be doing some yourselves. Yeah, I'll go Sarah Johnson. We found out for two and a half years. Thanks. Dead petty a resident of Clearwater for over 60 years. They were here for 17 years. Yeah, no one would have been here at the resident. I saw a lot of your opinions. Who's your son? Thank you. I'm David Anderson, what kind of being great of them. A lot from the Minneapolis. We are city attorney. I'm that city attorney for Clearwater. I'm a member of the 20 21. I'm a shareholder at the firm and I represent. I think it's in itself. This city attorney and me, which I'm allies in this block. So that's what our firm does. Congratulations to the council members and for the work. Thank you. Three, that motion to approve and constipation junta. May I go to the room in a second? Oh, good. Did that one to James? Did I ask you any discussion? Oh, in favor? I opposed? Abstentions? Motion carries? Right, can I share with you more? I can't. I can't. I started in humans, so I'm pretty new. I've been working on piercering. I think they are all in this. This past month, the traffic stops have been pretty normal. There's a lady who has been coming through and she's in String County and Elka County. She's been stealing from Coburn's liquor stores to powder the night. So that's good. That's been two pretty serious years. We're on a good town. I enjoy serving up here. January 17th, I'll be my last day up here. I'm looking along the cell. It will make it so. It's been a pleasure serving up here. Thanks for having me. Thank you. That's very important. We're just putting members in. We're trying to get training ground for new activities. I'm not hoping it is dancing. It's interesting. I think we're all on this phone. So we're going to have to go. Opening up the floor for people to form, starting from the floor. All right. If you want to be sure something happens to the council, please? Yes. Hello. I'm Sarah Kosa. We're at nine more than five. Isabella Avenue. We said one whole concern over as I look over the agenda tonight. Concerns over two of the committee nominations that were being. I was informed by the office that there were multiple applicants. I've ordered the vacancies on a planning and parks commission. So I guess it will confuse us to apply. One person received two of those nominations in those spots. So I guess I would ask the city council tonight. Maybe ask the mayor for an alternate in one of our goals of those positions. Anything else from the floor? Well, then the floor is there a motion to approve the consent agenda. Is there a balloon in his second? Second. Second for Mr. Schwingham. Sarah, any discussion on the consent agenda? All the favor? I suppose. Sentations? Oh, she carries. All business. approve an extension of rugby field at least agreement. This is on page 51 of your death. And if you can eat a concrepanied for right here to the place, but a five year lease agreement that toward me. It's off for extension, but then they asked for a ten instead of a five this time. So, so rise appropriately. I don't know exactly how long they had a list in the middle of the city, but the last contract five this one was for five years. And so the rugby club and say, well, I asked for this extension and asked for it to be ten years at this. Just never. I think it must be at least ten years because they were there before I joined her. It sounds eight years ago. So I would guess ten or 15 of them no. So they're asking for ten. They usually do five. And you tell them they pay. And if I was in the hours of the year for use of the fields at El Dr. O Park and they pay for both port parties. And they pay for more. I think we just pay for two. Yeah, they added on a handicap or so. Yeah, I know one of the important. We are the city doesn't go more money out there. So we did and they pay for over. Okay, so we don't have to pay for the port party. They made two port parties. One of the same old port party, which was used when we started doing those events. This summer not we didn't say we did those events. But that was it in the park and looks in the park. It was nice having bathrooms there especially with little kids. And then maybe a thousand dollars a year. So is there any thought and just something you want to make a motion to approve this. Well, today how they scared to let it's folks that are these events we think of this. I cannot remember they do. I think that doesn't it. Well, sir, our website has our website. I think they're excited. And we give us a schedule last year. So you're in the bottom to us a schedule. Can you have me in the contract? That's what I asked before. A grooming in his basically and scheduled should be kind of we do for the. The cover. The cameras. Would you accept approval of the intention upon the schedule. So we don't prevent it to train so we can tend to. We can't take a couple of people would be able to know look at the calendar. And see, okay, they have there to be here on Saturday or some of my stuff. I'm not sure about the ability to do. I mean, we would do our best. This is on the difficulty right now. Like the ball team and everybody at the place of we believe the lion's ranch is in everything. We just simply don't have any staff to just update the calendar. So I'm going to do it one clean and keep it up today as best we can. Hopefully we have them in staff. That was part of that position was to manage the flexible media. And then rugby team yells pretty long. They're face. I know they put trying to like, you know, then here today rugby here today. So I think you could see at least water heading towards the park. Not. I mean, they could give it to us. I mean, I think it's more. And if we get that said, we could just scan it in post zone and it was we could definitely have that one take any time. It's really we're about manually going in every single calendar. So we're going to have to manage low media accounts. I just have rugby scan a talent of rugby like a link and just be a PDF. Something like that would be awesome. Just so people know like, hey, go here. If you want to see what days the rugby team is going to be having a game or something like that. I don't know, like, I moved back to July to kind of do they have the river cats is there the buildings right there for lines. It's just a little bit of time to take some pictures. I'm a little bit of a new idea concern about the schedule. Are you okay with our conversation? Medation I was all over the program contingent on the schedule being available and then approved and the council prior to. In here. What do you mean by completely so we can see your schedule is every year. So you want to be okay with 10 years. I'd be okay with 10 years as long as if they give us the dates each year. Oh, if you want to try and end on the motion. So I. I'm going to do a group contingent on the way you can. You will. Schedule being given an approved by the council. Would you have something from the amendment to say the schedule is given to the council and then we're in a new group. Yes. Okay. And so there's a motion to for the extension of rugby field release room for 10 years. Question date report. Forward data. Sessions both. motion carries, this is a pattern for the next item. And I'm going to give a minute a second to write down that motion. Because the next thing is her report. So we're going to give her a minute. Or is it, I just want to clarify some emotion was a resolution to prove the contract contingent on, and giving an animal's schedule a proof of the council amended by Lawrence that they provided the sand job because it doesn't need a couple of the colleges provided and then that accepted and then seconded by the exact correct. Yes, the second is basically just an update of the council asked to have a monthly update on the side of. So we've been working with Mr. Wright Kelly on COVID coursemen for several months. And the council wanted an update which was as part of this been made. And it really doesn't really have an update since last month's meeting. It was then a year or several times without myself included. The status right now is, is a combination has been submitted. The staff are going to do that for approval right now. I did realize properties on the vehicles that were there previously. Have them. So you have to make some progress and I'm going to also send in our queries waiting to take the time off. So I don't know if folks have questions on me. And look at I guess for the new council members if you're wanting more detail history and classmates. That included really on staff in an overview of the history of that property. I'm going to go to the committee. I think this actually put them forward enough for you to think correctly. Today we set it that mind for. When did the test come? So the last council meeting was the council wanted a recording to make sure progress is being made in a deadline ahead. But set because we've always had an article on the next steps. And we've had a lot of information which is placed on the bottom of the lake. Keep going forward. I heard because that's the part that takes some time. And that's the part that that delayed last year. It's the same to put a booster there. And it's not so good. That's why we asked for a local report. We should be sure to stay here and not doing that. We're not doing that. We're saying hey, you know, we talked about the three ones. Three ones. You're wrong. There's been zero rarer said. And so we come back and talk about that. So it doesn't get. I don't know. We're going to say forgotten about. But just. I got resolved his. I mean, his. The major issues that he have were violations of the outside storage because he had two separate knots. He doesn't have a principal structure in his second ones. And really good pan with the outside storage area. Also, like the mining is lots. And here's a large share of the coal violence. It's the head. As you find them, God, not taking care of you. He's still near that last piece of minutes application and a survey and we're working on the new and that right now. Okay. Thank you. The next agenda item is community center survey survey template funding page 55. This is pretty good synapses of the history there. It's going to be a center history that's probably. 10 years. It's just kind of. I mean, it has to go forward or not. Or someone else kind of going forward. You want to get a better. So we're in the map of the. I mean, it's. Yeah, it's a community center, a discussion of community center. Create. I mean, since since this summary is basically what's happened since I've been here, which is we've been trying to work with. Our commission to try to move forward a design plan select the council action has something work from somewhere along the line over the last year. It appeared from. With with the election with so many people coming to council meetings, the council started to get feedback, but there were some residents that didn't necessarily think the committee center was a great idea. And so the council. Determine that maybe it was time to do a survey. Horizons to kind of see where the support level was. The last time one had been completed was on 20 13. So it was pretty outdated and the. EDA have all interior to take this on. And. And I guess after the EDA put together what they thought was a reasonable survey courtesy. How he was going to go part commission and part commissioners have feedback. They wanted to go in a different direction. And that feedback was brought back to the EDA who said. Basically, thank you were willing to make some adjustments, but we're not willing to go as far as part commission. Lots us to and really felt like the council should weigh in on this. You know, which board they want to manage this survey and what source of funding do you want the survey funding to come from. On whether that's the EAs marketing community outreach budget or the saleszess fund. What were the space center funding come from for a little bit. You remind me why we came to from parks to EDA from the survey. Right, and early because the EDA had they have funding so excited to do marketing community outreach. It's the way wanted to go and do. You know reach out on a resident for residents to ran and go to the paper to present and they volunteer to take it. Okay. Okay. Okay, parts that like how. Right, and I know that parks last met and just ever they have a met. The reason that needed no better is that they didn't have any access on their job. Okay, and it is in the time of the same amount of journey. Yeah, I think it is. My opinion is maybe a survey within the most perfect meeting of survey out there to see if this is even a direction that. The ones who have been sworn about. And especially when you see the EO of the tax is so that's in there. So the question is, is the council kind of sending out this okay, sending out survey as is or did we want to take it back? Maybe or. I mean, I'm. I've read over at night. I have no issues with that at all. Honestly. It's just something that was saying it's just going to get more room looking basically to the yes, your partner and all we don't want to. And that's been made. So we can either move forward to community center or. Honestly, you know, far less the projects that you like. Yeah, because there's looking over a couple of times I have I have no issues, especially since it says. What a man is what you like. Yeah, in the community side design. If we're going to go that way. So I mean, I don't know if it's on your stuff. I kind of. And this is for the by my own. I'm a person here for the last few years to see all this. What I have a question for this. Would. Would there be a way to. In. Like if they're opposed to the concept of having a community center or events centers of one member that mentioned. In our agenda packet, would there be a way to let's say if somebody's opposed to have like where they could make the suggestion for something else. So that was one of the part commission's suggestions. Well, instead of having. In this instead of giving them a list of items that our commission's already considered and each hearing work feasible instead give them a list of the things that are authorized by the statute of legislation. And you know, say if you don't like any center, which of these other authorized pieces do be amongst the sun. And last. I think that idea is that money has to be spent with. And certain ways. I'm going to be there. Can't have that funding. And then in other community centers going to be able to be funded with. I mean, I mean, no, we're close to it. So it's still going to have to go back to a. Let me. So the city pay for somehow. But it is. Nice to say. This one. I don't mind. I do have a. I will read the other comments section. My. I mean, in my. My. I can't do anything with, but it's good information to have. It's a little somewhere where we can. Gather, we have the information on a pool together. Thank you for. Thank you for. So if you want to see. I'll find out for comments down below. There's. Oh, there is another. I think the part commissioner saying is it doesn't do us a lot of good to. Reelists all the items that they've already considered and he terminated and he couldn't afford to do. They just saw like it made more sense to list alternatives are listed in the legislation. And you can still have another. You know, a responder could come back, still come back and say, you know, we want whatever. But it's not. So I know that those topics, but I just started this not being fully funded by. I have some sales. I can't give them some things. And because of the city's more in the pay for it. I guess you can do. I mean, I guess you can do it. I guess or that do confusing. I think so that. The part commission is just saying we did all of this work. Yeah. And we looked at always different alternatives. We looked at and higher and higher. And we looked at the work that I could put together this design template. But how are we different amenities in it? It was going to be $9 million. And this city just can't afford to issue a month or nine without a limited ability to pay that back. And so I guess I just I think but I don't want to speak for the part commission. I mean, they all had very strong opinions. They didn't dollar three and a seven to dollar. But the general just about was. It doesn't make sense to go back to the community to the residents and say, well, would you like to have things that we already limited, even though we can't afford. So how long is this list of things that are the weekend for. It's not a paragraph. I mean, we can fit it into this template to keep the telecom with each. So what's the major. Speed bump on a mendiness. Let me just ask if you're just saying make a motion to a member of this. See if we agree. Just basically, you have to advise reports or just just bring on the purpose and well. I'm just to get direction. You're just to make your sign. Just offering you what it would help. I guess go. What because we have to dip into. So part commission is going to do this. We have to dip into the park commission. The has some still sales tax and the ADA already has one day for this career for the survey. We're going to serve it. Well, let's just keep it with the ADA. But we can still see the ADA to eliminate these boxes. We must go towards the child care center. We put in different worries. True. Yeah. Right. We're just trying to question should we amend the survey for the park commission. Kind of is not. And if so. Where should we find the second. And kind of to the related. The second issue is ready. And well, I don't the child works. But I did it said on the ADA when this came to that. I know parks has worked on this for. I mean, on an awful rate years. So I would like to say. I would like to make a motion to send a survey through the ADA with the amendment of the parks listing. The amendment of the parks suggested. I'm worried on whether they need to be like to see a community center design that worrying up the park tour. I did everything else. Keep that as is going to be a Sunday. That's my motion. There you go. Thank you for their discussion. I'm very. I post extensions. I'm sure you can raise. I have one of our both business that's not on here. If you want to kick it to the end of the of you know, do you have an update on hearing today. But you want to. I was in the that. Okay. Thank you. All right. New business page 73, the proving annual point minutes. And if you don't mind all the work my logic arose, what names I put where and why. To approve. First of all, I want to thank everybody that the community that applied. This is. On the applications. We got some more in the community that we found in reports. So I wanted to use everybody that well injured. that moment shared in the community and so place people where either they were requested or where maybe their application was blended or still sent you and or where we needed somebody on for example remember the community who said, I'll go where they need me and even we're no real supply. So we're looked at the application said the skills match let's see if that person moved into that job. So thank you for that. That was phenomenal. We had so many volunteers about and then one of the sort of kind of, sorry, it's sort of kind of a grite. It's sort of kind of a kind of our general of my concern or a required by statute. These are our city consultants, our official depositories, official newspaper things like that. And I had not heard that the council was interested in making changes to any of these at this point. Typically if we may change us here we would go through a NRFB process and so listed from the instance like that called to people. And then the next section, the committee is on these are really more staffing like staff and council appointments for the most part. And then the second page is where we can have the board listed out and and what residents are putting each board. That way sense. So I don't know if I can kind of win over the residents, I'm going to go into commissions. We do have a council for people up here wanted to all be on one board. And we know that. So I usually it's my thing about this board. We have a lot of people that are interested in the way for it. So it's was the planning commission which can be a pretty. Sometimes you meet and sell, I went with the most experiment related card remember on there. That one to be on the court is the name I Pyatt Nare. And then everybody also went to the application you're the worthy of your kto players or you better�� any other limits, so early some skills that we felt.So included it is, zebra. Cl desemme the second route that ae nobody tell me or the second route but as she has to shine, little fun fact about EDA is for courting businesses. He been business as a town helping businesses grow. So if you are interested in playing commission that didn't get on there, or personally, you voted on this yet, but maybe you want to think about it before you had a D.B.E.D.A. winning. And it means that it's usually a pretty solid hour that usually they usually wrap in that hour. It doesn't because quite a few of them are business in town. So we have to get it back to give to their job. So this year at A&M, and I think we have one meeting last year that one passed nine. And you usually know why the agenda is going to go a little bit longer. Or you have to excuse yourself if you really have to go. So now to say, thought looking for a volunteer otherwise I will sit on that one again. And like a diversity in the boards, I like people to be spread out. And that's why every citizen that applied, we don't want every board to be made up of two or three council members. You want your citizens to sit there and I'm like, I'm already on fire, relief. And so we're on the floor to be because the mayor has to sit on the floor to be happy to sit on the floor to volunteer for that one. Do you know what time is the other? Yes. We're not planning permission. Planning permission only needs as needed. And so we have an development or we have an organization that makes their attention we can need. So they don't need every month. They need at 7 p.m. Typically they are the second or four. First of the before Tuesday, second or unless we have to have it on the second to start it. So not only fourth Tuesday, second Tuesday if there's additional distance. Part of commission, normally needs the second Monday and the month that five thirty right before us say council meeting. This month they delayed it because they haven't been appointed yet. But only they may have five thirty monthly. So we're authority weeks every other month at five thirty. And we alternate locations between here or clear like city hall. The EDA meets the third Tuesday of each month at ADA. The fire relief or meets quarterly and this is the mayor. So that is the mayor, the fire chief and myself are our statutory members of that. So if we are that weren't. The fire commission is a new board that just wanted to affect us on the fire contrast. And right now they've only been meeting once or twice a year. That board consists of a member from city and each of our two contract of time. And then myself and the fire chief go to those as well. And with the last time you met, was there when you came out? Maybe she didn't know who you were. I'm sure. Okay. So I'm going to tell you tonight. It's kind of really a disaster. You know, the fire department's budget, the fire calls, you know, the needs for the department. Things like that. So, musculably an issue which only need for that board to meet. They need their very flexible. They've only been meeting once or twice a year. We took a little try to figure out the date and the time that works. Everybody's so flexible. And then some of these other groups are more standing communities like they're battling or right. Tell me stuff. You know, they I don't want one. They all need they need whatever. We need one of their tell us. The clear value business connection needs to go. Court of waiting. They try to go for it. And I don't get number sets on that one. But you're welcome to go on. You get food with that one. So there's that. And it's like we want we typically try to have someone from the media go to that. Or maybe in prison. I want last year to those meetings. So the E.A. is the official number of that for kind of a kind of an appetite change or so. The city can't really remember. Are you. So with that logic and talk online or there are questions or everybody want to jump on the E.A. And talk with the my people have gotten docked with and also the zoo monitor. I think well, I know they have clear value business Thursday. I think I'm guessing they need you for the next. So we should send somebody to a least the next meeting. They need that it was the second or third Tuesday. I'm sorry. The third Tuesday of a month. Yeah. So there we are. So we would like somebody at least there are. The next meeting of possible. So even if you're waiting to talk. We still. There's a beyond for the next meeting. We can. I'm really. The Sunday. Probably not. Okay. I was being on my way back to the truth. Anybody else want to go for now. I'm. And it's. I'm. Don't. Did the queron. It's not this for console numbers typically it's easier to meet the E.A. Mixed for most of those other board members. I don't know if this is this is a talent. It's easier for them to meet their business. We're trying to work with business is so we feel business schedule. Okay. So we can. At least have Lindsey representing us that is 17th and Rick and back to the next month's meeting. And if you're. I'm just going to have a can't make it. I will discuss who can set on E.A. and snowy else is. Funny. For right. Okay. Let's see. No fight. All right. But it's. It's going to talk to my. Martin was not. Right. So moving on anything else before we go to a voter discussion or thought. And then the Sunday. Just this is kind of a board of. Or suggest to us for appointments. And so there's basically one council member unless the board requires more than one like the store already requires from the year and it comes. And then there's an at large, which. Clear. We're really able to have and let's see. So that they have control. And control on that board. But what I go a little further than that. The story stories being don't put water in clear weight. So there's a clear lake mayor clearly comes a member in the clear lot of here. There. Water comes member that fifth person is a vote of person obviously is which is every year for the by loss has to. What city the resident comes from. If we don't have a member. From clear water there is a person from clearly that will sit that they can tell the door. So I'm just keep that in mind because I'll never tell you where we get that. And eight percent of the sooner is. And so it makes sense that we take advantage of our years of control. Just the thought. Is there a maximum number of people like you. Usually for voting purposes. Yes. Like yes. You can vote too many of these meetings or commissions even if you don't sit. And you're welcome to talk to the public comment. But we don't want the boards are advisory boards and diversity of opinions. You don't want like a second city council meeting happening. I'll sit on the side. On there questions. I'll talk about this. Looking for motion to approve. In your appointments has stated. And I will take a look at the resolution. So. Second. Second. Just a small note that a number of moving voluntary. The EDA and the January meeting and we'll bring that. I'm back. And I'm just going to also just know what for council members. You know, this board does these appointments every year. And so if you're on one board this year. You know, that doesn't mean you can't move from other work next year or later after that as a council member. They can rotate through it. And that's probably a good idea that we can just do it. Further discussion. I'll favor I opposed. The extensions. No, she carries in for the members of the community that are off your thank you and the regulations. If they've bought, they have Sarah and even else I miss in the top there. Thank you guys. I'm going to open up and help it out. Look for a key. You know, so we need a meeting. I think that's your authority side. We already know that one. So. Is it like you and part commission both were meeting that students they have 17. Or. Yes, 17. And then the solar voting needs. The third third saying February, whatever. And things for the rest 16. I have 30 out clear along the way. I have clearly. Right. When I age 76, improving a moment to the personnel policy. I was going to be a little bit scared. Right. Right from the morning to that. I write. If I have any walkers through this one. No. So the city council and the community during the budget process. We're talking about a staff at. And it was determined that we would it would be a full time position. We could be 32 hours a week like a Monday for a safe position. And after that decision was made and the budget was approved. I can't remember who possibly the mayor. Somebody caught the fact in our personal policy that our full time positions are 36 hours a week. And so that new position were not a default time under our personal policy. So we are requesting a change to the personal policy to make it 32 hours rather than 36. So that the new position were not being to hire would be a full time position. And then the real thing is that so much the hours is really more of a benefit. So if it doesn't consider full time under the personal policy doesn't all. I don't know. So the benefit package and it was intended to. So only question I have is on page. I could have. I could have. I could have been reading this from late the game here. Your prime variance 1 to 32. Oh. I think if we go to nine years. So the general president continues to play land game Thank you. I knew I was really not quite right when I came. I'm right right now. I think the question to be well would it make more sense to just make that position for 36 hours possibly you could but that is not what was it was budget work. So I think that's a much better way. What would it affect the budget that much for the extra $8 just kids? Kind of what you get to the point. So I'm not going to be okay. That was the most important. Yes. It has about $9.2,000. $200. But to come to that if they are part one thing they would do part time and so imagine once you're full time the all five for benefits and you're going to get a different pool of candidates. Possibly based on our salary that we have a ties for it. So I think the way it was going to be competitive enough got to get benefits. There's been a storm that might not be already in the summer lover cities and all that's going to be safe with some of the issues. It was a bit like I think just close to another new one. Yeah. So we're talking about the things we're talking about in terms of correct health and down. Right. For the retirement plan that's due to state even if you're part time you will find that if you work. So that would that's some way to state number hours that you work. Thank you. So they still would. All right. They still get a 30 to. So way that they're if this gets a minute. Correct. If it is a minute that they will qualify 32 instead of 36. So if it's a fact anybody that's currently in life that's not make it. It's not set us. No. What is the position? The position is a community development specialist. So it would be part time for basic home part time working with the EDA. So that the EDA was a new board. That was brought back on after several years and I'm having one and they have never yet hired a staff. So they don't. Basically all that work is even in delay for it's being done by the current city staff as we have time to do it which we're doing. I'm going to make a motion to prove in the amendment for the personnel's health speech or the free has stated in the comments. Sorry. Good. Thank you. Sir. Any further discussion. I'm in favor. I post extensions. I'm sure carries committee report. Mayor and council. Mayor. I'm not a right kind of mayor speed. I think that before the summer be something new to report from the right kind of mayor's milk and new report has because I've been there for. Pat перos noise. Some minutes GEM gambling and mainly talk, they talked about the community centers survey which we are the Disciveds. And then they also talked about their self-incentering, signage proposals for digital signage. And that's going to be assessed again this month because we didn't have all proposals yet. And there's a clear value business connection meeting this Thursday and we don't have any details for getting through the consenting to any of them. And that's the thought for the Board's legacy. Fire relief, but, you know, not a, to on it to require the matter of probably much interest except for how the fire relief will have a parcel out of which the charge of the different designs that are handling the state of the world. It's signage sheets are ready up, right chief and I'm on it. I believe, right. I think they would fill the load out of that. Yeah, though, man, so I'm sure one of them. Okay, so just a different thing that will long be here for a volunteer for like grades and events that you strayed on, and it's not a fire truck all that stuff. That was about it and how a pension is to kind of attend its policy, which was a significant issue that we're going to have two years. So that has been, so more or less, and it's going to the annual meeting for approval letter, but we'll remember, Chef. And then we went, in terms of it was to try to get the fire relief rules to match up with the city's fire time and rules to submit it. What consistent is that they are being designed the 20th death at some point in the family ones. Go to a very packed annual meeting. I also have who cooks what food when before what meeting, that's not what's important in discussion. I think that's not what she would rob to. So that was the only word that was added. So, we'll go staff. So, we'll go to the next couple of things. First one is there are a couple of things for non-believement societies. In addition to the new council member training, if you've already talked about, but we also does offer a couple of online courses, one is a many course and one's a longer one for folks looking to learn more about planning and zoning type topics. And so, the staff one we've mentioned this, if the council members that want to attend these, I can sign the information. Also, any new planning commissioners would be nice for people to attend that as well. You're a student soon. The second one is, the mayor has talked about this in the past as well, but the stars, things like lobbying at the Capitol, both the coalition of radio, city and the sort of cities and also the legal and so the city's both at two separate, but they call legislative days at the Capitol, where they invite council members to come down to the Capitol talk with, our local representatives and then talk well what issues are in the Capitol city. And the latest cities just open their registration for their city day at the Capitol, which is going to be Thursday, March 9th. So, if there are people that are interested around looking at their calendars and safety interests, then the family have me can be registered with that. You can register me. Thank you. And I'll also go to the council's asking what the council's asking. The other update that I have was we attended, we basically myself and a training Christina, Christina Cruz Jennings from Family, very many times. But I hear he bought for today with Mr. Patricia Ola, talk about calling force when I have this property. The judge asked us to step outside and make an attempt at settlement. We weren't able to come back any agreement with Mr. Pistola and the court, subsequently, a cleaning and a training and we stand a less open till March so that he had time to consult with a training and safely can't find some other way. In agreement before that date. What date was that? It was continued out and I think it's March 1, the F. We asked for a date that was after our council needs so that if once he has an attorney were able to find some way to come to settlement, that would have time to come back to the council before we went back to court. So that's the sense of that. I don't know if I mean this question's on that because it's kind of an happens. It's going on for very long time. It was in litigation before I were tier before day was here. And then it's not the first time around. It's the second time to sit down and court within two different property list. Go away. Do you want to know a summary? Yeah, I'm sorry. This was a very cool one. Yeah, so count up. Yeah, in late 2020 that Judge issue and order that effectively gave the city permission to go to this property and clean up and charge him back for it. There are some resistance from him. There are also some delays just in for my understanding staff was at a difficult time staring at the middle of the pandemic. And I'm finding a contractor that was able to squeeze that network. So there's a couple of delays finding it with somebody hired and we were scheduled to go to work. Saved in field comfortable sending that contractor out there because of the demeanor and resistance that's a homeowner was providing. And so the goal now is we're asking the court to build a repair plan for violating that previous order. We just want to be able to do the work and please say we want the judge to say let the city do this or your plans at the jail. So the point of it is you hold the keys to your own jail side. You don't have to sit in the van jail and dismal with your debtors or that's our role. We just want the judge to go there to be carried out. And that's the hearing side we're now appearing in front of the judge on. Because the old time is technically on the table he's entitled to another defender of the Constitution, which he did qualify for attorney was appointed today. I'll just have to sign somebody from a team use office to represent him. So the delay, figuring out the next hearing is to give him a turning time to help the speed and hopefully he'll be charged up to us. And that's some client control that we made it with the clients so we can just get this done. So that's the, the just the good old for us has always been. You'll have to help for a bit and because he has been on the way to go. So, I think that was a really objective of the delay just because practically speaking with nothing we're going to be able to do with our march anyway, with two feet of someone around. So. More of our mutual fear storm on top of the time. I was just in mind. So the other thing is we're very hopeful that once he has an attorney's side to the face of this side, someone who's who he uses me on this side and can explain it. So that makes people able to get to a side of it. So, did I have a joint director on it? Is your career? It's on mainstream. No, you're very lucky. It's so old. If you work out, if you look at the people now, it's very real, it's the one. So when you think of the baby, waving wheels and you push too much in the middle of the city. It's a good thing. I'm not sure if you say something about this cover. It's not. It's a strange opportunity. All right. Well, thank you for the update. We're from a trial and the morning to hear it. Thank you. Anything else from staff? No, thanks all. We have a new, the community about my decisions went so too. It's my posted. I think we got a deadline for the end of this month. So that we hopefully can, it conducting or use and have a person to come back to the council. And to consider this meeting. We are also in the process of interviewing or getting ready to interview candidates for our open sewer organization from a private operator. We just finished scoring apps and are getting ready to send those to the staff. So hopefully, I can make a perfect interview for that as well. Thank you. And then we're going to meet in his February 13, 31 council member might not make it. So if all the council members are on the edge, just know my serious principal. I was like to make corn like you know that is to as principal. Anything else for the good of the cost? I'm going to go to a adjourn. I'll make those two. Sir second. I'll also have a discussion on favor. I go for those. Stenching. Motion carries. Thank you.