 Now, we will have two rows that is product manager and project manager or project PO. That is one. So basically, if you see the missionaries into the tires, so basically the main functional area of big to see a scope or the machine, which is the trajectory would be like a tar selector, what do like the pen user is coming in the home page. So we should help him to understand what kind of tar he's searching for and leading to the user journey till the final button. Second is the Taylor locator. For example, the user is coming to find the Taylor that okay, where is the main nearest dealer. In fact, authorize the dealer or maybe some proper network dealer, where I can purchase the tar, if I know what tar and you two purchase it. So this is the second one, or second user journey of the way to see website and third one is about the, well, the editorials like what kind of content you would like to put the pen or the UI, the buttons and the navigation and stuff like that. So basically, there are three product managers, you know, CX digital factory. One is for tar selector, second is for dealer locator and third is for the rest of the editorials or content part. So these product managers ensure that irrespective of which project is asking a change or evaluation, they maintain these three scopes, tar search, dealer search and editorials of, you know, in its best possible stable product. For example, we to see is asking to add one new button of the tar selector to add a favorite icon. We to see can ask, but this is not the ask code. So we have a lot of data coming from B2B or CRM, loyalty or platform and use that from any other projects. They don't request. But it's product manager responsibility, whatever feature he is adding on the tar selector module, for example, it should be stable across all the projects. But when we talk about project P.O. which is this hiring is for. So when the project P.O. is dedicated to more of business site like he needs to do the workshop and understand the business needs. And identify the problems, their pain areas and then also ensure that the B2C website is up and running without any fault. And also it's a keep on evolving the website with the new features. So on the business scope and business tree, one thing is handled by project P.O. but as a product in which product you would like to do a change. For example, it's a part of B2C project P.O. you would like to enhance in those times selector module. You know that what needs to be enhanced based on the workshop done by business. But you will have to discuss with a product manager of the selector. Hey, my business needs this in these things in the tar selector module. Product manager will do the analysis so that it should not impact other websites which are using the same module, tar selector module. And then he will do the implementation. So basically the project your responsibility is what we need to evolve. What we need to develop, what we need to fix and by what time and what is my prioritization. Like, okay, by 10th of May I need this feature to be like by 10th of July. I need this feature or these things to be done. Like why because it's based on the business value and several parameters of backlog prioritization. We help and ensure a inform a product manager. That this is my backlog prioritization from my project. And he might have other requests from other project managers as well. And I support that you have a share run app across the teams. Yes. Yes. Yes. So basically we used to have a P like planning for the quarter. Okay. If for each quarter we used to be planning and be maintained. Okay. What are the P1 items from all the projects and what are the P2 priority to items from all the projects based on all P1 and P2 items. We define the roadmap. Okay. What? So many mountain which we can achieve. What is the maximum story points of each of which we can achieve. And what are good to have a nice to have thing which we have and we have bandwidth or we can do it. So this kind of P1 planning helps us to keep the vision of what can be delivered in the next quarter. Okay. And who is in charge of defining what feature must be developed? It's project view. Project view. Okay. Nice. I have a question more for you specifically. Okay. You were saying that at the beginning if I were on the store that you were working on the B2C platform about helping clients search the the tions of the needs. Okay. About this platform what do you like the most and what do you like the least. Actually, there is nothing I like the most or like the least to be honest because. Uh, task lecture model was to follow. I'm not the project view with the task lecture model, which is the main module I would say. My majorly majorly or till now in majorly is a tutorials and the location. But when we compare our B2C website with our computer like bread stone or other competitors. And when we see that okay. This is the feature which we newly launch and which my computer does not have or maybe. He might have but not a great version of us. So this is something I like the most at where I'm being better. We are my B2C website is being better as compared to my computer or any other. Tying industry in the market. It could be any feature not related to the entire search. It could also be related to the data located because when we see the rating and renew section of machine tires. It matters a lot for us. What users says how how much rating they give. Is it something like my Google map is not sufficient enough to tell them the authorize to deal or maybe you went to the dealer that the one which we shared but that dealer was not good at all. That was not good and he was that review review for that. So there could be several parameters what we can make better our website and everything when we evolve and try to make our website better which is actually better than other of the computer websites. It makes me a good and happy. Okay nice. Can you tell me just a bit about the last big challenge of race key encountered and how you endle it? I think there are a lot because as of now there is a big project going on called this next gen. There is a we are moving from a post copy to platform to a post copy 3 platform. And where we have to ensure that all the existing 100 plus websites of P2C is should migrate from one by one. They should migrate from A2 that is a post copy to a post copy 3. And if you ask me honestly my recent recent idea is that I'm not going to do that. And I think from January to March I was over occupied with handling 3 screens at the same time. When I say 3 screens it's like a 3 different set of teams. Why? Because I need to manage the old post copy to website which is live and up and running. At the same time I have to work on the new website which is about to get large. I have to ensure what the features we are present on the A2 should be available in A3 in the same way on in a better version of it. Or upgraded version of it. So there is a lot of discussions. There is a lot of deep type in a deep type. We need to as a product manager at what do we have? What can be better and by what? And at the same time we have a challenge to you know launching the entire website in all together new platform on the promised day to business. It's really really challenging you. You said business okay, you like in December, but you don't know the new technical challenges when you upgrade the platform. Because it is something not of the pros and to understand the technical infusibility or blocker. It comes as when you run test you make live or do the UIT. Okay, nice, thanks. And still about you. You said that you are working at a mission for more than two years. Can you tell me what an expected thing you have learned while working here at Mishla? What unexpected or expected? An expected thing. Yeah, so basically before joining Mishla I was in a telecom industry. There the scope was very less. In fact there. There I work used to work in an application which is basically used by consumer care representative and you walk to team mobile store or when you walk to a bell can I just store. So those representatives use a UI and that UI I used to work on. So my user was very less at that time. With the user is not the actual public or the whole wallet was like certain smaller user. But when I came back, I think you are to Mishlaing. So sorry, what was your main question around about the unexpected? Yeah, about unexpected. So basically when I switched it was like right from IT you get domain to web domain. I was switching from IT to web domain. So I never expected that there will be so much of technical alerts. For me it was two stakeholders and here I need to manage more than two five stakeholders at one single point. Because as I did your lead and make your website keep an up and running you need to talk to SEO. You need to talk to analytics. You need to talk to your UI UX design or in fact there was two different person. One of the UX side who discussed with business about how the UX should be and the UI is different. So I did not anticipate it. What I won't say unexpected. But it was like I could not anticipate beforehand because I was switching altogether the new domain. But as I know when I'm in wall I go to no okay. I cannot step back or I cannot ask any stakeholders to step back. You want to make your product live. You want to make your product stable. You need to ensure your SEO is good. Your analytics is good. Your UI UX is good because it should not broken in tablet. You cannot believe that UI which is broken in tablet. You have to ensure all the stakeholders are happy. So that was something unexpected and not anticipated for me that also together it will come as a boom. Yeah managing different stakeholders from a different activity is because SEO is not the same thing that analytics is totally different. And you need to also I think understand the posture and how they're working and so on in order to manage all of this and to make sure that it answers their needs specifically. Right. Yeah. Because sometimes when business is okay we want this this but analytics also say we don't want to believe in this analytic track or if your website. But then I have to repritive and think that what is my future good value which I get in limited time. So cannot directly implement whatever requests from SEO and LTE can business and everywhere. We need to think and broaden the way what would be the best. Okay. Nice. And I think we have just two more minutes is that right. So one more question. Within the digital factory. How do you collect user feedbacks and how do they all they take into account within the developments? Yeah. So basically there's a separate team who does user acceptance testing. You know they have a separate not not separate team. There's separate where that's a once-y-ball person who collects the user feedback and give it to us. We don't do it because mission is a very very big company. It's like highly processed company where you have your separate SEO team and you have separate analytics team. You don't sometimes because in many other companies product manager has to himself deep down into analytics team time into a super. We have a separate team to give you data. We don't ask for user feedback directly. There is already a person responsible for it. He will bring up the user feedback. And for us for the project Pios. And also for the analytics you can ask the analytics team. Please give me the script through rate of this one. Please give me the analytics report. A better my user is went down on the capability, increased or capable increased. So you just ask them the question and they will give you what you need. Okay. Okay. Nice. Good. One more minute. I think I can let you the last one. That's okay. Okay. So it was I was nice meeting with you. I'm an extreme in fact. Majorly I was also thinking that it's very important for us to communicate properly. Especially when I say it's India team. India times on and when you'll be working with a friend in India as well. So here in Michigan, communication is very important because if the Pio is not able to ensure or explain to the team what does he want to develop and why he want to develop. Then it makes no sense to work on that one. So I really appreciate your communication is good. I must say so that won't be a problem here. And I think the feedback I'll share to be turned and he will take a good take a further decision and let me see him the other makes him no. Perfect. No, but thank you very much for being here. Thank you, Maxime. So see you soon. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Bye. Have a good day. Bye.