 F So we're going to do the only office and if somebody will do it together, so after we do the start and say you're enabled, just pause for starting to catch up for a good day. And if that's a close take in the post, the papers like you can do it. So we're going to do the only office and if somebody will do it together, so after we do the start and say you're enabled, just pause for starting to catch up for a good day. So if that's a close take in the post, the papers not usually here, but they usually afterwards asked for a recording. Okay. So we just raise your leg and put that in the middle of the office. Do the office for the stand of the soda? So the company is a right in terms. Everybody know what we think. I'm Andrew Lawrence, we are responsible for the software for a firm that I will support the hospitalization of the United States and the constitution of the state of Minnesota and that I will do the start to hopefully do the study on the sub-day and on the setting of the city of Clearwater, the state of the United States, the state of Minnesota to the best of my introduction and pay anniversal. You can practice whatever you think. You can practice that at your school whatever it would be. You can get that out of there. Not before we start with the approval of you, some of your documents I've used to everybody and the other way to see our names, but there's just a couple of people maybe that worked with a city that our house here or our contractors inside thought to start with our engineers just to open the introduction. Yeah, I've already just been asked what bolted in May. So I've been city engineer personally here, Clare Rader for about at least three or four years. Well, it makes been your city engineer for a quarter than that since third of the year. I'm happy to be working for you and get to know you better. Well, do you have a fire chief real quick? Like, Keller up that's known as an expert for 16 years and also on the part of the first 16 years took over a fire chief. It was one of the last year of 2022. So just over a year under my belt, so fire chief. I'm just skip over the decade because you get a whole report here, so I'll come go to public arms here. I'm going to wait for the work to do what's on your own. John Smith, public works supervisor, I've been with the city for right around 20 years now. Okay, so we see. Oh, we have a very public. I heard about our public works ten years. Thank you, Sarah and Dan, would you mind if you do yourself? Yeah, I'll go Sarah Johnson, you found him for two and a half years. Thanks. Deb Petty, a resident of Clare Rader for over 60 years. We're here for 17 years. Thank you. I'm going to let him be here with a resident. I saw a lot of your opinions. Please, please, please. Thank you. I'm David Anderson, what kind of being great of them. A lot from the Minneapolis. We are to the attorney am now city attorney for Clare Rader. I'm going to the 20, 20, 21. I'm sure we'll go out the firm and I represent the gates of these now. This city attorney and me was specialized in this block. So that's what our firm does. Congratulations to the council members and we have further work on the work. Thank you. And we all know what need to do. Thank you all, I'm a thank you. I'm a thank you, Mr. Stader. I'm a very sorry to have. So looking for a motion to proceed agenda. Can you make a room in a second? I'm going to do that one to James tonight. Is there any discussion? On paper, I opposed extensions, motion carries. Right, can I share with you more? I started in humans, I'm pretty new. I've been working on a few years. I've been working on a few years. I've been working on a solo. I will make a film. It's been a pleasure to serve up here. Thanks for having me. Thank you. That's fair. We'll come into just putting members in equal terms of training ground for the deputies. And I hope they get a chance. I will look at this. I hope everyone was involved. So we're going to be involved. I hope you have a floor for people to form. Sorry, I'm going to. All right. Do you want to share a second to the council? Yes. Hello. I'm Mr. Council. We have a nine more than five is a fellow avenue. We said one of the concerns over as I look you over the agenda tonight. Concerns over two of the committee nominations that were being. I was informed by the office that there were multiple applicants. I've ordered the vacancies on a planning and parks commission. So I guess it will can do this so why one person received two of those nominations in those spots. So I guess I would ask the city council tonight would maybe ask the mayor to or an alternate in one of our goals of those positions. Thank you. The council. Okay. Both in the look for them is their motion to approve consent agenda. So the moment is there second. Second for Mr. Schwingham. Again, sir. Any discussion on consent agenda. On the favor. I suppose. Stentions. Oh, she carries all business approve an extension of rugby field at least in agreement. This is on page 51 of your death. And if you can need a company for right here to the place, but a five year lease agreement that would be. It's offer extension, but then they asked for a 10 instead of a five this time. So so rise up quickly. I don't know exactly how long they've had a listen. They're the city but the last contract. I think it must be at least 10 years because they were there before I joined her. It's not eight years ago. So I would guess 10 or 15 of them. No. So they're asking for time. They usually do five. And you tell us they pay. And a thousand hours a year for use of the fields at Elgero Park and they pay for both port parties. And they pay for. Can we just pay for two? Yeah, they added on a handicap or so. Yeah, I know one of the important. We are the city doesn't go more money out there. That I've ever heard right. So we did a little later over. Okay. So we don't have to pay for the port party. They made two port parties. One of the disabled port party, which was. Use when we started doing those events this summer. We didn't say we did those events. But that was in the park. It was nice having. were theічio being the best. Also. There was a case that they did live here. I have to think I never did because the government doesn't speak you in contract. That's what I asked before grooming it is basically an escape it will should be kind of we do for the cover of the cameras. Would you accept approval of the intention upon the schedule so we don't prevent it to train self and contingent on the schedule being? I think it's a good timing. You can always approve it, condition, term that they provide the city as a family and not only being cattaught, who wants to be a staff as a language. Everybody has it for the exciting. And then the service is there a way to put on like the calendar, the city's website calendar just so people would be able to know, look at the calendar and see, okay, they have there to be here on Saturday or something like that. I'm not sure about the ability to updo it. I mean, we would do our best. This is one of the difficult things right now. We're talking about everybody at the place that we rely on is right and doesn't everything. We just simply don't have any staff to just update the calendar. And we can try to do it one thing and keep it up today as we can. Hopefully we have been a staffer that we think that was part of that position was to manage the flexible media and how to get so that. And then rugby team yells pretty long. They're Facebook. I know they put signs out like, you know, as I'm here today, rugby or today. So I think you could see at least water heading towards the target. I think they would give it to us. I mean, I think it's more. And if we had said, we could just scan it in the postroom or lose. We could definitely have that one taken. I'm not sure if we were the manually going in every single parent or whatever. I just have rugby, scum of talent, rugby like, like, just, you know, pdf. Something like that would be awesome. Just so people know, like, hey, go here. If you want to see what day is the rugby team is going to be having a game or something like that. I don't know, like, can't move back to July. But kind of do they have the river cats is there the buildings right there for Lyon. It's just like, you know, some of the time to take some pictures. I'm a little bit of a new idea concern about the schedule. Are you okay with our conversation or meditation? I was all over the other group of contingent on the schedule being available. And then approved and we'll be back to the council prior to the year. What do you mean by completely so we can see what their schedule is every year. So you want to be okay with 10 years. I'd be okay with 10 years as long as if they give us the dates each year. Oh, if we want to try and hang out the motion. Sure. So I want to do a crew of contingent on the family and your wife. Schedule being given an approved by the council. Would you accept a friendly amendment to say the schedule is given to the council and will it? And then we're in a new group? Yes. And so there's a motion to for the extension of the weekly field release room for 10 years. contingent that the schedule is provided annually. So second. Second. I remember a limited service question. How many of them want to do on the rest six. and then by Lawrence that they provided the schedule because it doesn't need a couple of the colleges provided. And then that would accept it. And then second of that would be the exact correct. Okay. Yes, the second is basically just an update of the council asked to have a monthly update on the side of so we've been working with Mr. Wright, Kelly on COVID coursemen for several months. And it also wanted an update with Trump as progress has been made. And it really doesn't really benefit us last month's meeting. It was then a year or several times without myself included. The status right now is, is a lot of combination has been submitted. The staff are reviewing that for approval right now. I did realize properties on the vehicles that were there previously happened. So we have to make some progress and I'm about to send in our queries waiting to take the time off. So I don't know if folks have questions on that. And look at I guess for the new council members if you want to know more detail history and class months. That included really one staff and I'll let them get an overview of the history of that property. And so we're going to have to find ourselves a bit of a proposal. I'm very glad to be able to just actually put them forward enough to do things correct to we will. Did we set a deadline for when they might have been in the test of time? So the last council meeting was the council wanted a recording month just to make sure progress is being made in a deadline head. So we set because we've always had an article on the next step in the Fizzlot compilation. Which is basically a lot of the way keep you going forward. Because that's the part that takes some time. And that's the part that that delayed last year. Because we're saying to put a list or a year and a list of events. That's why we asked for a local report. We should be sure to stay here. We're not doing that. Zuahfered. And we'll come back here and we say hey, you know, we talked about the three ones.dog where days would always come up with that. The major issues that he had were violations of the outside storage because he had two separate knots. He doesn't have a principal structure in his second law, so he really could have the outside storage there at all. So like the mining is large, it cures a large share of the coal violations he had. As you find little God, and that taking care of you, he's still near. That last piece of minutes application in his survey and we're working on the new and that right now. Thank you. The next agenda item is Community Center Survey. Survey template and funding page 55. This is pretty good synapses of the history there. It's going to be a center history that's probably over 10 years. It's just kind of a huge. I mean, it has to go forward or not, before it's going to go forward. You want to get a kind of a bit of a. So we're in the madame. Yeah, yes, I mean, it's the Community Center, a discussion of Community Center creedates me. Since since this summer is basically what's happened since I've been here, which is we've been trying to work with and we've been trying to move forward a design plan to let the council action have something to work from. Some were along the line over the last year. It appeared from with with the election with so many new people coming to council meetings. The council started to get feedback, but there were some residents that didn't necessarily think the committee center was a great idea. And so the council determined that maybe it was time to do a new survey. The residents, you kind of see where the support level was. The last time one had been completed was in 2013. So it was pretty outdated. And the EDA have all in here to take this on. And I guess after the EDA put together what they thought was a reasonable survey. courtesy, how he was going to do a part commission and part commissioners have feedback. They wanted it to go in a different direction. And that feedback was brought back to the EDA who said. Basically, thank you. We're willing to make some adjustments, but we're not willing to go as far as part commission wants us to and really felt like the council should weigh in on this. They want to manage this survey and wash source a funding do you want a survey funding to come from? Whether that's the EDA's marketing community outreach budget or sales tax fund was registered to the Penn Centre Почему come front every day. remember why we kicked it from Parks, GD, EF, and the survey. Right, mainly because the EBA had, they have funny subsided to do marketing and community outreach, and so they wanted to go and do a reach out on a resident for residents to write and gather to the paper to present and they volunteer to take it. Okay, okay, in Parks that are like how it would be. Right, and I know that Parks last met and just said where they have a met. These didn't mean anything about that. Okay, and it is obviously a little bit of genuine learning. I think it is. My opinion is we need a survey whether or not it's perfect. We need a survey. I'll try to see if this is even a direction that the most of us want to go. So the question is, is the council kind of sending out this okay, sending out survey ads is or did we want to kick it back? Maybe or? I mean, I read over at night, I have no issues with digital, honestly. I think we should just send out those. Same. It's just going to get more of a look and basically to the yes, your partner and no, we don't want to. And that's the main budget. So we can either move forward to community center or honestly, we'll farm that list of projects that we do like. Yep. Thank you. Thank you. Yeah, because there's looking over at a couple of times I have, I have no issues, especially since it says what a man is what you like. Yeah, in a community side design. If we're going to go that way. So I mean, I don't feel of this on your stuff. I kind of, and this is for the. I don't know, I'm a person who has to see what I have. Part question would be. Would, would there be a way to in, like if they're opposed to the concept of having a community center or events centers of one member that mentioned. In our agenda packet, would there be a way to let's say if somebody's opposed to have like where they could make this adjusting for something else. That was one of the part commissions suggestions. Well, instead of having in this instead of giving them a list of items that our commissioners already consider an endier when we're feasible instead of giving a list of the things that are authorized by statute about legislation. And, you know, say if you don't like any center, which of these other authorized pieces, do you be amongst a subliminal? And let's go. I think that idea is that money has to be spent with uncertain ways. And the key is something that's. I'm going to be there. It can't happen that funny. There we have to go. And in other community centers going to be able to be funded with. I have some sales tax groups. I mean, no, we're close to it. So it's still going to have to go back to a lot of aid. So the city pay for somehow. But it is nice to say. This money for something. I don't mind if you go ahead and I. I'll write you as a comments section line. I mean, in my. I think it's like, it's kind of with. So the idea is that. You can't do anything with, but it's good information to have regardless. It's a little somewhere where we can. Gather. We have the information to kind of pool together. Thank you. Thank you for from there. So if you want to see. I'll lie down for comments down below. There's a lot of other. I think the part commissioner saying is it doesn't do us a lot of good to re-list all the items that they've already considered and determined and couldn't afford to do. They just thought like it made more sense to list alternatives. I listed in the legislation. And you can still have another. You know, a responder could come back. Some of that can say, you know, we want whatever. But it's not. I'm like, I know what's kind of. I just started this not being fully funded by. I have some sales tax can't keep from some things. And because of the city. Is more to pay for it. I guess you can do it. I guess or that do confusing. I think the part commissioner is just saying we did all this work. Yeah. And we looked at always different alternatives. And we looked at and higher than I think we could together this design template. But how are we different amenities in it was going to be $9 million. And this city just can't afford to issue a month or nine without a limited ability to pay that back. And so I guess I just I think but I don't want to speak for a part commission. I mean, they they all have very strong opinions that they didn't dollar. We're getting us out of the job. But the general just about was it doesn't make sense to go back to the community to the residents and say, well, would you like to have things that we've already limited, even though we can't afford to. And so how long is this list of things that are that we can afford. It's not a paragraph. I mean, we can fit into this template to keep a telephone with it. So what's the major. Speed bump on a Mending us. Awesome, you're just saying, make a motion to a metric risk with this and see if we agree. Just basically, you have to advise reports or just just bring on the purpose and what the social department. So I'm just gonna get direction though, you're a decision maker sign and just offering you a word for helpful. I guess go. Because we have to dip into. So part commission is going to do this. We have to dip into the park commission. The has some still sales tax and the EDA already has one day for this career for the survey. We're going to serve it. We'll just keep it with the EDA. But we can still see the EDA to eliminate these boxes from the school course, channel care center. We put in different worries. True. Yeah. Right. We're just trying to question should we amend the survey for the park commission comments or not. And if so. Where should we find the second. And kind of to the related. The second issue is really. And well, I don't the general works. But I did it said on the EDA when this came to that. I know the parks has worked on this for I mean, on an awful rate years. So I would like to say. I'd like to make a motion to send us survey through the EDA with the amendment of the parks listing the amendment of the parks suggested. I'm worried on what I've been able to do like to see in the community center design that worrying about the park tour. I did everything else. He does is in the EDA center. That's my motion. There you go. Thank you for their discussion. This. If you don't mind, although it's my logic, it grows when names are put where and why. To approve. First of all, I want to thank everybody in the community that applied. This is on the applications we got from the local and community that we started new reports. So I wanted to use everybody that volunteered in the community. And so place people where either they were requested or where maybe they're application blended. They're still sent to and where we needed somebody. For example, we remember the community who said, oh, go where they need me. And we're doing all supply. So we're looked at the applications that the skills match. Let's see if that person moved in that job. So thank you for that. That was phenomenal. We had so many volunteers for that. And then one of the, sorry. It's sorry. It's kind of a great. It's sort of a kind of a great. We've got two pages. Let's say. And then the resolution. And in this talk, these are kind of our general appointments that are required by statute. These are our city consultants, our official depositories, official newspaper things like that. And I had not heard that the helpful is interested in making changes to any of these at this point. Typically, if we may change us here, we would go through a NARFB process. And so listen. It's like that. Cold to people. And then the next section, the committee is on the list. These are really more staffing like staff and council appointments for the most part. And then the second pages where we can have the board listed out in what residents are planning to board. That makes sense. So where you want to. So I kind of went over the residents. I'm going to commission. We do have a council for people up here wanted to all be on one board. And we never had that. So I usually, it's like, I know what's this about this board. We have a number of people that are interested in the way for it. So it's was the planning commission, which can be a pretty. Sometimes challenging meetings. And so I went with the most experienced council member on there. That wanted to be on the board as the name of the governor. And then everybody else went to application either where they requested or again, a center of use and some skillset that we felt was needed. There is, I did not place anybody at E.A. Nobody on council requested if the idea. So as we chance to shine, little fun fact, but E.A. is for court and businesses keeping businesses in town helping businesses grow. So if you are interested in planning commission, that didn't get on there. Or personally, I'm going to go to the Seattle. Maybe you want to think about it before you have a D.A. wearing. And it means that it's usually a pretty solid hour. They usually, they usually wrap in that hour. It doesn't because point a few of them are our business in town. So they have to get it to get to their job. So this is a name. And I think we have one meeting last year that one past nine. And you usually know why the agenda is going to go a little bit longer. Or you have to excuse yourself if you really have to go. So that is a thought looking for a volunteer otherwise I will sit on that one again. I like a diversity in the boards. I like people to be spread out. And that's why every citizen that applied, we don't want everybody to be made up of two or three council members. You want your citizens to sit there and I'm like, I'm already on fire relief. And so we're authority because the mayor has to sit in so we're authority. But I would be happy to sit on you. If nobody wants to volunteer for that one. You know one time the other. Yes. So planning commission planning commission. We need as needed. And so we have an development or we have an organization that makes their attention. We've got to meet so they don't need every month. They need at 7 p.m. Typically they are the second or four person that before Tuesday second or unless we have to have it on the second to start it. So normally fourth Tuesday second to say if there's additional this is a meeting. Part of commission, merrily needs the second Monday and the month that five thirty right before us. They have this month. They delay it because they haven't been appointed yet. But only they may have five thirty. Monthly, sewer authority needs every other month at five thirty. And we alternate locations between here or clear lake city hall. The EDA meets the third Tuesday of each one that A.D.M. The fire relief or meets quarterly and this is the mayor said that is the mayor, the fire chief and myself are statutory members of that. So if we are that weren't. The fire commission is the mayor of the city hall. And the mayor is the mayor of the city hall. The mayor of the city hall is the mayor of the city hall. We need to get a new member of our statutory members of that. The fire commission is a new board that just went into effect with our new fire control tracks. And right now they've only been meeting once or twice a year that board consists of a member from the city and each of our two contract on the fire department's budget on fire calls. We need further departments and things like that. So must there's really an issue where someone need for that board to me that they need. They're very flexible. They don't live a meeting once or twice a year. We take a little try to figure out the data and the time that works to everybody. So it's flexible. And then some of these other groups are more standing communities like they're battling or right. Count me stuff. You know they I don't want one they all need they need one ever we need one or they tell us they need. So I think they're telling this is connection need to follow court of the way they try to go for it. And I don't get number sets on that one. Make a welcome to go on you get food with that one. So there's that. We want we simply try to have someone from the media go that already present. Last year. So the E.A. is the official member of that for kind of a kind of app. Like a chamber. So the city can't really remember. Are you a So with that logic and talk online or there are questions or anybody want to jump on the E.A. I can talk with the my people at the doctor's member. I can possibly see you. I think I know they have a clear value. It's the Thursday. I think I'm guessing they need you for the next day. So we send somebody to a least the next meeting. They need that it was the second or third Tuesday. I'm sorry. The third Tuesday of a month. Yeah. Yeah. So there we have a 70. So we would like somebody at least they are Phoenix. We need a possible. So even if you're waiting to talk. We still have somebody on for the next meeting. We can be a really good work for me. The Sunday. Probably not. Okay. I was being a moment back to the truth. Anybody else want to go for now. Get the truth there. So we can have this for council members typically it's easier to meet the E.A. mix but for most of those other board members on our business. This is a talented easier for them to meet their business. We're trying to work with businessers. So we feel business schedule. Okay. So we can at least have Lindsey representative said this. I'm doing the recap to the next month's meeting. If you're a 24-year camp, they hit that will discuss who can set on E.A. and snowy else is fighting hard for it. Okay. I'm seeing no fight. All right. So moving on anything else before we go to a voter discussion or thought. The Sunday may just discuss kind of a board of course. Suggest to us board appointments. And so there's basically one council member unless the board requires more than one like the sort of already requires from the year and it comes from other. And then there's an at large which clear out of it really will have and let's see. That's all that they have control of voting control on that board. Well, I think a little further than that. The story stories made up of clear water and clear lake. So there's a clear lake mayor clearly comes from the room and then clear a lot of water comes from that fifth person is a voter person obviously is which is every other year for the by-law. It's to what city the resident comes from. If we don't have a member from the clear water there is a person from the clear lake that will sit that they can tell the door. So I'm just keep that in mind because I'll never tell you you're going to get that. And eight percent of the sooner is paid for by us. So it makes sense that we take advantage of our years of control. Just a thought. Is there a maximum number of people like you on these buildings usually for voting purposes? Yes. Like yes. You can vote to any of these meetings or commissions even if you don't sit. And you're welcome. Just talk to the public comment with a resident. But we don't mind the boards are advisory boards and if a diversity of opinions you don't want like a second city council meeting happening off the side. Either question I'll talk to. looking for a motion to approve in your appointments has stated and I will take a look at the resolution of the 23-cus, the one or the link that I'm going to look at. Sir, second. Second, second, second, third, third, third, third, third, third, just a small note that I'm a living volunteer at the EDA, and the January meeting, and we'll bring that on back. You can go right. There's just been also just a note for council members that this board does these appointments every year. And so if you're on one board this year, that doesn't mean you can't move from other work next year or later after that as a council member. They can rotate through it, and that's probably the idea that we could just do it with students. Further discussion? I'll in favor, I'm opposed. Abstensions? No, shinkerrys and in front of members of the community that are on their thank you and congratulations. I think we've bought, we have Sarah and even Elsa and Missy and the top there. Thank you guys for stepping up and helping out. Look forward to emails from Anita and when you have to be dating us. I think that's the silver authority side. We already know that one. So, is it like eating and parking? I think that's the situation both over eight next Tuesday or 17. Or, yes, 17. And then the silver authority needs, the third, third saying February, whatever. I think it's the board of 16. I have 30 out clear along with 30 out clear, but thank you. All right. Page 76. I'm proving I'm mentioned the personnel policy. Let's get right by it when I'm scrolling. I'm right from Morris to that. I write. If I haven't you walk us through this one. No. So, the city council and the EPA during the budget process, we're talking about a staff at. And it was determined that it would be a full time position, but it would be 32 hours a week like a Monday for a clear safe position. And after that decision was made and the budget was approved. I can't remember who possibly the mayor. Somebody caught the fact in our personal policy that our full time positions are 36 out of a week. And so, that new position was not a be full time under our personal policy. So, we are requesting a change to the personal policy to make it 32 hours rather than 36. So, that the new position order will be to hire would be a full time position. And then the real thing isn't so much the hours. It's really more of a benefit. So, if it doesn't consider full time under the personal policy doesn't qualify for most of the benefit package. And it was intended to benefit every position. So, only question I have is on page 79. I could have been, I could have been reading this for a late beginning here. So, that type of, did you mean to put a 32 when he comes up for 36? I'm sorry, top error, right page 79 number four dollars. Right there, is there supposed to be a 32? This one just just wanted you to be the employer's regular number. Thank you. We're three because some of the staff that we have now do work 36 hours. So, basically, there work hours or whatever they're normal regular hours. Thank you. I knew I was really not quite right, but I couldn't. I'm quite right. And I think, you know, a question to be well would it make more sense to just make that a little bit more sense to make that more sense. That position of 36 hours possibly you could, but that is now what was it was budget work. So, I would be, I think that's a much better one. Would it be the practical moment that I'm much further than the extra eight dollars just kids? Kind of what you get to the point. So, I'm going to be okay. Do you have a little more hours? Yes. It can have about seven or two thousand hours. Two hundred dollars. But to come to that if they are part one thing they would do part time and so, imagine once you're full time the all five for benefits in your going to get a different pool of candidates. Possibly based on our salary that we have a ties for it. And so, there was some kind of numbers that I don't think this channel really was going to be competitive enough, but if we get benefits. But it's going to start that right now. The already the sub-alover cities and all that's going to be the same position. So, it's a bit. Thank you. I think just close to another new one. Yeah. So, what we're talking about is we're talking about the things we're talking about. Correct. Tell them down on the other side. Right. For the retirement plan that's due to state, even if you're part time being all-fired or that if you work. That would have some way to state number hours that you work. Thank you. So, they still would. All right. They were still good. Right. That 32. So, way that there is this gets a minute. Correct. If it is a minute that they would qualify at 32 instead of 36. Does this affect anybody that's currently in life that's not making it full time status? No. What is the position? The position is a community development specialist. So, it would be part time for basic home part time working with the EBA. So, the EBA was a new board that was brought back after several years and I'm having one. And they haven't ever yet hired a staff. So, they simply all that work with the event delay. For it's being done by the current city staff as we have time to do it, which means we're doing it. So, I'm going to make a motion to prove in the amendment for the personnel's health speech. And the read has stated in the amendment tonight. Sorry, good. Thank you. Sir, any further discussion? I'm in favor. I post extensions, motion carries. Committee report, mayor and council. Mayor. I'm not a right kind of mayor to be. I think I did that before. I did a summer meeting. I'm not saying new to report from the right kind of mayor. Some local new report has because I've been mayor for. I've been in the hours for a few minutes. In some minutes, I'll go with that. Council, can I answer report? Welcome, council. Board since December, has that been a very board's mat. Parks didn't sewer. didn't plan in the zoning didn't EBA in the night. I don't have a report that I do not get a good one. And mainly talk. They talked about the community centers survey, which we are discussed. And then they also talked about their self-incentering signage proposals for digital signage. And that's going to be assessed again this month because we did have all proposals in. And there's a clear value. Does this connection be in this Thursday? And we don't want to give you details for getting through. I can send them to an end. And that's. There's all for the board's Wednesday. Fire relief but. You know, not a. Not a. On it to report. There have probably much interest except for how the fire relief. Well, parcel out. Who's in charge of the different events that are handling the city of Clearwater. Sign up. She's already up. Right chief. And I want to believe. Right. I think they would fill the building. Yeah. Oh, man. So I'm sure one of them. Okay. So just the different things that log on here for volunteer board for like grades and events that you strayed on. And say I'm not a fire truck. All that stuff. That was about it. And how a pension. The pension attendance policy, which was a significant issue that we're going to have to do years so that has been. So more or less and it's going to the annual meeting for approval. But whole membership. And then we have a tent of it was to try to. Get the fire release rules to match up with the city's fire. And we'll just make it. What consistent. Is there a reason to be 20. That's something. If anybody wants. No to a very packed. And you're meeting. I also have who cooks what food when before what maybe. That's not what's important. This is actually. I think that's not actually what I'm doing. So that was the only work that was a so. We'll go staff. And a couple of things. First of all, is there a couple of things for non-believement. So to say in addition to the new council member training. If you've already talked about. But we also does offer a couple of online courses. One is a many course and one's a longer one for folks. And looking to learn more about planning and zoning type. Plow things. And so the staff one we've mentioned this. If the council members that want to attend these. I can send you the information. Also any new planning commissioners. Loving nice for people to attend that as well. So the second one is the mayor has talked about this in the past as well. But the stars. Things like lobbying at the Capitol. Both the coalition of greater city. So cities and also the new and so the city's both. That's right. But they call legislative days at the Capitol. We're being by council member staff to come down to the Capitol talk with our local representatives and then talk well. Issues are kind of care city. And the least city's just open their registration for they are. City day at the Capitol. We're going to be first day marks night. So if there are people that are interested. I'll look at their calendars and see if your interest in a family. We can register with that. You can register me. You do. And I'll also go to the council. The other update that I have was we attended. We basically myself and I'm a attorney Christina. I'm a Christian. Cruising. I'm from Hamid. Very good. I'm a hearing about for today with Mr. Bethesola. Talk about calling force when I was property. The judge asked us to step outside and make an attempt at settlement. We are able to come to any agreement. The most surface. So the court says a completely. A clean. A family. A attorney and resettle us until March so that he had time to consult with a attorney who safely can't find some other way. In agreement before that day. What did you think was going to happen? I was continued out and I think it's March 1 and the F. We asked for a date that was after our council needs so that if if once he has an attorney were able to find some way to come to settlement. We would have to find a contract to the council before we went back to court. So that's a sense of that. I don't know if I mean this question is on that. It's kind of been happening. It's going on for very long time. It was in litigation before I were tier before day was here. And then it's not the first time around. It's a second time. It's been a quarter of him on a two different property list. Go ahead. Do you want to know a summary? Yeah. I'm sorry. Yeah. I'm breaking. This is a free pool. Yeah. So, come up. Yeah. In late 2020 the judge. Issue and order. Effectively gave the city permission to go to this property and to clean up and charge him back for if there was some resistance from him. And there was also some delays just in for my understanding staff was at a difficult time staring in the middle of the pandemic finding a contractor that was able to squeeze that network. So there's a company that's finally somebody hired and we were standing up about New York. So staff in full comfortable sending that contractor out there because of the demeanor and resistance that's a owner was providing. And so the goal now is we're asking the court to open a campaign for violating that previous order. Really we just want to be able to do the work and please say. We want the judge to say let the city do this or your fine exit jail. So the point of it is you hold the keys to your own jail side. You don't have to say the ban jail and this followed the debt is where that's our role. We just want the judge to be carried out. And that's the hearing. So that we're now appearing in front of the judge on. Because the old time is technically on the table. He's entitled to a color to the counter of the Constitution. Which he did qualify for. The attorney was appointed today and I'll just have to sign somebody from a T.D. office to represent him. So the delay coming out in the next hearing is to give his attorney time to come up to speed and hopefully to each other. So we can get this done. So that's the the goal for us has always been a lot of help for our team and because he has been on the the same side of the court. And the other thing is we're very hopeful that once he has an attorney side to the base of this side. Someone who's who he uses me on this side and can explain it. So that may be able to get to a a judge. I have a junkyard going on in this yard. It's on mainstream. It's not your image. If you look at it, it's a real. It's the one. So when you think of the baby. Wave wheels. You can't really say that. I'm not sure. You say something. I'm just covered. It's a. Thank you for the update. We're from a trial and the morning to hear. Thank you. Anything else from staff? Thanks. We have a new the community about my decisions when sent to his wife posted. They've got a deadline for the end of this month. So that we hopefully can it conducting or use and have a person to come back. The council can continue this meeting. We are also in the process of interviewing or getting ready to interview candidates for our old and sewer position. For the prime top writer, we just finished scoring apps and are getting ready to send those to us. So hopefully I can make a perfect. And then we're going to make an estimate worth 1331 council member might not make it. So if all the council members are on the edge. So my suits possible. I was like to make corn like you know that is to responsible. Anything else for the good of the cost? I'm going to start motion to adjourn. I'll make those. Sir second. Discussion on favor. I go for those. Stenching. Motion carries. Thank you. Thank you. I was dying.